content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Tyler Anderson

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Graduate Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Clark University
  url: "https://www.clarku.edu/departments/geography/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Graduate Student at Clark University interested in Remote Sensing

interests:
- Remote Sensing
- Forest Cover and Land Use Change
- Coastal Ecology
- Python
- Time Series Analysis

education:
  courses:
  - course: M.S. in GIScience
    institution: Clark University
    year: 2019
  - course: B.A. in Environmental Science
    institution: Clark University
    year: 2018

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:TylAnderson@clarku.edu'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tylanderson/
- icon: researchgate
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Tyler_Anderson7/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/tylanderson/
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a current MS Candidate in GIScience at the Clark University, focusing on remote sensing of forest disturbances. I have a passion for remote sensing and GIScience for conservation purposes and have continued that through my undergraduate and graduate degree. I have experience working with remotely sensed products and large databases. My interests lie within land use/land cover change, forest disturbances, and coastal and tropical ecology. My current research as part of my MS in GIScience involves using the Harmonized Landsat Sentinel-2 product for Gypsy Moth defoliation tracking.

Commit message:

Updates to About Me and Experience sections

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Tyler Anderson

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Remote Sensing Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Cloud to Street
  url: "https://cloudtostreet.info"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Remote Sensing @ C2S working on global flooding

interests:
- Remote Sensing
- Python
- Forest Cover and Land Use Change
- Coastal Ecology

education:
  courses:
  - course: M.S. in GIScience
    institution: Clark University
    year: 2019
  - course: B.A. in Environmental Science
    institution: Clark University
    year: 2018

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:TylAnderson@outlook.com'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tylanderson/
- icon: researchgate
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Tyler_Anderson7/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/tylanderson/
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a Remote Sensing Scientist at Cloud to Street. Currently working on deploying remotely sensed flood maps and analytics to enable people around the world to respond to floods.

Previously at Clark University focused on land use/land cover change, forest disturbances, and coastal ecology. My thesis there focused on using the Harmonized Landsat Sentinel-2 product for Gypsy Moth defoliation tracking.
